Raspberry Pi Notes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
By Ryan Milkovits (Intellectual Property of Ryan M.)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-For OOPS prototype, use Raspberry Pi with GPIO 
ports for connecting AODDS and AND modules. The Pi 
will be mounted on the main armband along with the 
power toggle button [?:Connected to GPIO?]. For the 
AODDS module, we will use a standard pulse detection 
sensor module where no pulse will equal an overdose 
and anything else will equal non-overdose. [?:Which?]
For the AND module, we will utilize a 'straight line 
mechanism' to push or 'apply a force' in the process 
of dispensing naloxone. The AND will use a mechanical 
pushing module to either by pushing on the back of an
intranasal naloxone device or by pushing on the back 
of a syringe plunger used to inject naloxone into a 
muscle such as the upper arm or shoulder muscle. Many 
factors will impact what decisions are made for the 
actual and prototype designs for the AND [?:IN/IM?].

-Instead of a Raspberry Pi specifically, what the
design is connected to is an 'MCU'. Options include 
the Arduino Yun, the Pi 3, or my favorite, the Pi 
Zero!

-The Raspberry Pi Zero is perfect! It costs 5$, has a 
lot of GPIO pins, and is lightweight - ie perfect. No
Wifi capabilities will be beneficial for security, if 
using a minimalist security approach rather than 
trusting new code to protect users' medical privacy. 

-OOPS Device Module Ordering Diagram: 
PI->PWR Button			
  ->AODDS (OEM Pulse Sensor)		   
  ->AND (Straight Line Mechanism) ->Linear Push Mec. -> IN/IM Dispenser  

-It appears that a solenoid may work better than a 
straight line mechanism for activating the naloxone
dispenser in the AND module. A solenoid valve is used
to create pressure changes with electricity just as 
needed in the prototype, such as when the IM syringe
needs to have its plunger pushed down to inject.

-An actuator is the specific technical term to 
describe what the 'push' will be done by within the 
AND module. The AND will have an actuator and Narcan, 
either with the IM or IN ROA and resulting designs. 

-3D printing may be able to generate a soft actuator 
for free! We will need it to be 'biocompatible'.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------	    